MAINT: Add lighthouse test (#467)
executablebooks/sphinx-book-theme: docs/contributing.md

This theme has support for translating several theme phrases into multiple languages.
For more information about this workflow, see [the translations README](https://github.com/executablebooks/sphinx-book-theme/tree/HEAD/sphinx_book_theme/translations).

## Test audits with lighthouse

This theme uses the [`treosh/lighthouse-ci-action`](https://github.com/treosh/lighthouse-ci-action) to run some basic audits on our performance, accessibility, etc.

> To preview the output of these tests, click on the `docs-audit` GitHub Action job from a Pull Request.
> Then, scroll to the "Audit with Lighthouse" section, and look for the URL links to view the reports for each page that we audit.
> They look like `report: <URL TO PAGE>`.

Author: ```suggestion
To preview the output of these tests:

- Click on the `docs-audit` GitHub Action job from a Pull Request.
- Scroll to the "Audit with Lighthouse" section
- If there are errors, you should see them along with the link to preview the report at `report: <URL TO PAGE>`.
- If there are not errors, you can list them by clicking the `uploading` section, which will reveal links to the report for each page

```
